feature: Add reference for work in progress metrics PUL-468 (#58)
codacy/pulse-user-docs: docs/metrics/work-in-progress.md

# Work in progress metrics

## Work in progress

To provide you with an high-level view of the current work in progress of your teams, Pulse groups pull requests that are currently open by the following phases:

> -   **Open:** the pull request is open but the team hasn't interacted or reviewed it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Open:** the pull request is open but the team hasn't reviewed it.
```

I think the interacting is misleading since for example normal comments do not count for this state. We are only using reviews

Author: Yes, your suggestion makes sense and also ties in well with the description for **In review**.

> -   **In review:** the pull request received at least one review but it isn't approved yet. Reviews include approvals, change requests, and inline pull request comments, but don't include conversation comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **In review:** the pull request received at least one review but it isn't approved yet. These reviews include change requests and inline pull request comments, but don't include conversation comments.
```

I think saying in the first sentence that it does not include approves and then mentioning it in the second seems weird.

Author: Indeed, well caught! :detective: :+1:

-   **Approved:** the pull request received at least one approval.

## Work in progress details

The following metrics for each open pull request allow you to understand which work items are about to become or have become blockers and may need an action to move forward:

> -   **Time in progress:** number of days that the pull request is in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Time in progress:** time since that pull request is in progress.
```
The time unit depends on the worse time of the chart. It can be any unit

Author: Thanks, it makes sense.

> -   **Phase:** current phase of the pull request, can be one of **Open**, **In review**, or **Approved**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Phase:** current phase of the pull request, can be one of **Open**, **Reviewed**, or **Approved**.
```

I think we had always talked about `Reviewed` instead of `In review` and it sounds more appropriate since usually a review means it is reviewed.

Author: I'm leaving this conversation open for now so that @claudiacodacy can also see the suggestion and perhaps reflect the change on [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/4AK8l4ThiOphTaqFNuPhbq/Pulse?node-id=638%3A8293).

Reviewer 2: > I think we had always talked about Reviewed instead of In review and it sounds more appropriate since usually a review means it is reviewed

I initially proposed "In review" because I was thinking about it like a status that is in progress, whereas "reviewed" felt like it had been reviewed and that was it. I don't have a strong opinion about it, in truth all other states use the past-tense, so that would make them more consistent. I'll change them, and we can confirm this later :)

Author: Thank you for your input @claudiacodacy! Personally, I think that **Reviewed** is a little simpler. :+1:

> -   **Phase:** [current phase](#work-in-progress) of the pull request, can be one of **Open**, **In review**, or **Approved**.

Reviewer 3: does this work with adding the id? 😮

Author: Yes, this is a link to the URL fragment for the section above.

But now that I tested this, I don't think it makes sense to include the link because the page is so short that the whole content is displayed at once:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60105800/119674449-1e3fb300-be34-11eb-92dd-58749de2c7d3.png)

```suggestion
-   **Phase:** current phase of the pull request, can be one of **Open**, **In review**, or **Approved**.
```

Reviewer: it is a valid url path

Reviewer: > But now that I tested this, I don't think it makes sense to include the link because the page is so short that the whole content is displayed at once:

Since people use different devices and setups I think the extra link is always better.

-   **Reviews:** number of reviews of the pull request. Reviews include approvals, change requests, and inline pull request comments, but don't include conversation comments.

> -   **Comments:** number of comments of the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **Comments:** number of comments of the pull request. Comments include inline pull request comments and conversation comments.
```
